Book Type: books 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books_1/index.html 

Book Type: travel 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/travel_2/index.html 

Book Type: mystery 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/mystery_3/index.html 

Book Type: historical-fiction 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/historical-fiction_4/index.html 

Book Type: sequential-art 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/sequential-art_5/index.html 

Book Type: classics 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/classics_6/index.html 

Book Type: philosophy 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/philosophy_7/index.html 

Book Type: romance 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/romance_8/index.html 

Book Type: womens-fiction 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/womens-fiction_9/index.html 

Book Type: fiction 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/fiction_10/index.html 

Book Type: childrens 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/childrens_11/index.html 

Book Type: religion 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/religion_12/index.html 

Book Type: nonfiction 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/nonfiction_13/index.html 

Book Type: music 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/music_14/index.html 

Book Type: default 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/default_15/index.html 

Book Type: science-fiction 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/science-fiction_16/index.html 

Book Type: sports-and-games 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/sports-and-games_17/index.html 

Book Type: add-a-comment 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/add-a-comment_18/index.html 

Book Type: fantasy 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/fantasy_19/index.html 

Book Type: new-adult 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/new-adult_20/index.html 

Book Type: young-adult 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/young-adult_21/index.html 

Book Type: science 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/science_22/index.html 

Book Type: poetry 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/poetry_23/index.html 

Book Type: paranormal 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/paranormal_24/index.html 

Book Type: art 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/art_25/index.html 

Book Type: psychology 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/psychology_26/index.html 

Book Type: autobiography 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/autobiography_27/index.html 

Book Type: parenting 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/parenting_28/index.html 

Book Type: adult-fiction 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/adult-fiction_29/index.html 

Book Type: humor 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/humor_30/index.html 

Book Type: horror 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/horror_31/index.html 

Book Type: history 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/history_32/index.html 

Book Type: food-and-drink 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/food-and-drink_33/index.html 

Book Type: christian-fiction 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/christian-fiction_34/index.html 

Book Type: business 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/business_35/index.html 

Book Type: biography 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/biography_36/index.html 

Book Type: thriller 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/thriller_37/index.html 

Book Type: contemporary 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/contemporary_38/index.html 

Book Type: spirituality 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/spirituality_39/index.html 

Book Type: academic 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/academic_40/index.html 

Book Type: self-help 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/self-help_41/index.html 

Book Type: historical 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/historical_42/index.html 

Book Type: christian 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/christian_43/index.html 

Book Type: suspense 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/suspense_44/index.html 

Book Type: short-stories 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/short-stories_45/index.html 

Book Type: novels 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/novels_46/index.html 

Book Type: health 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/health_47/index.html 

Book Type: politics 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/politics_48/index.html 

Book Type: cultural 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/cultural_49/index.html 

Book Type: erotica 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/erotica_50/index.html 

Book Type: crime 
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/category/books/crime_51/index.html 

